You're playing hard to get
That was pretty good.
What hard to get away with?
The emperor announces your morale
Why don't you go?
I'm not the kind of woman who comes and goes
Besides, fat-headed pig ears like him
The emperor who will go in one minute
Hmm don't interrupt
You said it.
I'll drink with you.
You pay back the money
What about money, as long as you satisfy me
Don't say 3,000 taels
I can give more
What the hell?
That's it.
If you can kiss it, there will be 3,000 taels.
Then you need a few more kisses.
Mua mua mua
Well, kiss again
Forget it, I never take advantage of people's danger
Don't go
Shen Xingyang
I will definitely be responsible for you.
His Royal Highness the King of Qi
King Qi is King Qi again
Can stand in your heart
It's really not worth a little madness